Update proposed-decisions.md (#28)
stichtingsem/functional-overview: proposed-decisions.md

1. Entitlement will be established on the highest possible level
  - Secondary Education: School level
  - Vocational education: User level

> 2. Entitlements should be established at front and can be realized (near) real time to ensure access for users

Reviewer: "upfront" instead "at front"

Author: ```suggestion
2. Entitlements should be established upfront and can be realized (near) real time to ensure access for users
```
